1.C - C is a compiled, procedural language developed in 1972 by Dennis Ritchie for use in the UNIX operating system.
Although designed to be portable in nature, C programs must be specifically compiled for computers with different 
architectures and operating systems. This helps make them lightning fast. Although C is a relatively old language, 
it is still widely used for system programming, writing other programming languages, and in embedded systems.

The syntax of C# is much simpler and prone than C and is easier for learning.

2.Java - Java uses a compiler, and is an object-oriented language released in 1995 by Sun Microsystems. Java is 
the number one programming language today for many reasons. First, it is a well-organized language with a strong 
library of reusable software components. Second, programs written in Java can run on many different computer 
architectures and operating systems because of the use of the JVM ( Java virtual machine ). Sometimes this is 
referred to as code portability or even WORA ( write once, run anywhere ). Third, Java is the language most likely 
to be taught in university computer science classes. A lot of computer science theory books written in the past 
decade use Java in the code examples. So learning Java syntax is a good idea even if you never actually code in it.

The main difference is that Java can be run on any operating system, while C# typically requires Windows and the 
.NET framework.There are also mostly minor differences in keywords and syntax and in the use of some classes, 
exception handling etc. 

3.PHP - PHP uses a run-time interpreter, and is a multi-paradigm language originally developed in 1996 by 
Rasmus Lerdorf to create dynamic web pages. At first it was not even a real programming language, but over time 
it eventually grew into a fully featured object-oriented programming language. Although PHP has been much 
criticized in the past for being a bit sloppy and insecure, it's been pretty good since version 5 came out in 2004.
It's hard to argue with success. Today, PHP is the most popular language used to write web applications. 

The major differences between PHP and C# is that PHP is a dynamic and interpreted while C# is static and needs 
to be compiled.

4.JavaScript - JavaScript is an interpreted, multi-paradigm language. A very strange one too. Despite it's name, it
 has nothing whatsoever to do with Java. You will rarely, if ever, see this language outside of a web browser. 
It is basically a language meant to script behaviors in web browsers and used for things such as web form 
validation and AJAX style web applications. The trend in the future seems to be building more and more complex 
applications in JavaScript, even simple online games and office suites. The success of this trend will depend 
upon advancements in the speed of a browser's JavaScript interpreter. If you want to be correct, the real name 
of this programming language is ECMAscript, although almost nobody actually calls it this.

Maybe the major differences between JavaScript and C# are that JavaScript can be run on any platform, directly 
in any browser and is interpreted as opposedto compiled, and that JavaScript is not object-oriented and 
class-based. Also there is no need to specify variable types like int, long, string etc.

5.Python - Python is an interpreted, multi-paradigm programming language written by Guido van Rossum in the late 
1980's and intended for general programming purposes. Python was not named after the snake but actually after 
the Monty Python comedy group. Python is characterized by its use of indentation for readability, and its 
encouragement for elegant code by making developers do similar things in similar ways. Python is used as the 
main programming choice of both Google and Ubuntu. 

Python projects are often open-source, web-based, and/or cross-platform. Python has a larger user base on mac 
and unix-based platforms.C# projects are often proprietary, windows-based applications. 
There's very few non-windows C# projects.
